Support loading of web resources with HTTP protocol (#111)
huggingface/huggingface.js: packages/hub/README.md

When uploading large files, you may want to run the `commit` calls inside a worker, to offload the sha256 computations.

> Web resources and local files should be passed as `URL` whenever it's possible so they will be lazy loaded in chunks to reduce RAM usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remote resources and local files should be passed as `URL` whenever it's possible so they can be lazy loaded in chunks to reduce RAM usage. Passing a `File` inside the browser's context is fine, because it natively behaves as a `Blob`.
```
